Docker Documentation Note For M-series Macs (#10055)
PrairieLearn/PrairieLearn: docs/docker.md

In the base `PrairieLearn` directory run:

    docker build -t prairielearn .
    

> > If you are using a M-series Mac, you will need to add `--platform linux/amd64` to the command.

Reviewer: This matches our guidance/terminology in other parts of the documentation.

```suggestion
If you are using an Apple silicon Mac (M-series chips, etc.) or another ARM-based machine, you will need to add `--platform linux/amd64` to the command, like `docker build --platform linux/amd64 ...`.
```
